This is the introduction to @url{https://www.lrde.epita.fr/~didier/software/lisp/declt/user/index.html, Declt} example project.
@t{Declt} is a documentation system used to build a @url{https://quickref.common-lisp.net/, Quickref} --- API reference for all
libraries, included into the Quicklisp.

This project is a part of the @url{https://cl-doc-systems.github.io/, CL Doc Systems} ---
attempt to create a comprehensive set of examples of different Common Lisp documentation
systems.

@section Pros & Cons

@subsection Pros

@itemize

@item
Generates manuals in Texinfo which can be converted to @t{HTML}, @t{PDF}, @t{DVI}
and @t{PostScript}. Here is @url{index.pdf, PDF version} of this site.
@item
Automatically embeds license information.
@item
Uses standard @url{https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/texinfo.html, Texinfo format},
which has good documentation. Theoretically, Texinfo should well suite for large documents.
@item
It is able to generate single or multi page @t{HTML} output. To switch the mode, change
@code{single-page-p} variable in @file{docs/scripts/builder.lisp}.

@end itemize

@subsection Cons

@itemize
@item
Works only under @t{SBCL}.
@item
Free form documentation chapters are limited by "Introduction" and
"Conclusion".
@item
Texinfo is not so popular these days. Also, it is very verbose.
@item
There is no default CSS theme.
@item
I wasn't able to use cross referencing Texinfo tags from
docstrings. Seems Texinfo markup does not work there. But it works
in the introduction and conclusion. Here is example link to the
@ref{go to the EXAMPLE/UTILS∶∶DO-THE-JOB function, , @t{do-the-job}} function.
@end itemize
